explicitly mention minimum radicle CLI version (#70)
cytechmobile/radicle-jetbrains-plugin: README.md

### Prerequisites

> * The `rad` [Command Line Interface (CLI) tool](https://github.com/radicle-dev/radicle-cli) installed, at least v0.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `rad` Command Line Interface (CLI) tool installed, at least v0.6.0. Please check [here](https://radicle.xyz/get-started) for installation details. 
```
